# September 16, 2015

## I. Attending
Laurie Tatlock, Mulhern MRE, Inc.; Charles Wolfersberger, Wolfersberger, LLC.  Committee Members: Jonathan Stanwyck, Nephi Wright.  Residents: Jessica Shockey, April Normany, Sabrina Ray.

## II. Covenant Enforcement Matters
The Committee discussed the request from 9446 East 107th Avenue to install a pergola, tiered garden and patio with stairs.  It was noted that this property has some outstanding covenant violations and related fines.  The Committee agreed to approve the request as long as the outstanding fines are paid and outstanding violations cured.  

The Committee discussed the request for a storage shed at 9525 East 107th Circle.  The proposed shed is larger than the design guidelines allow, but the owners will be placing it so that is will not be visible from the street and will paint it to match their home.  This property is on a seemingly large lot, but part of the lot belongs to the Belle Creek Metropolitan District No. 1 (“District”).  The Committee approved the proposed shed as long as the owners obtain the consent of their adjacent neighbors.  Since the shed will be on District property, the District will also require that the owners consent to move it should there be any reason for the District to have access to that area.  

The owner of the property at 9666 East 105th Place explained that she felt the dog run on the side of you home was approved because her landscaping had been approved and disputed the violation notice.  The Committee explained that there needed to be a specific request for a dog run and without a fence to screen the dog run, it would not have been approved.  With the intent of finding a contractor to install a fence, the Committee extended the time to cure the violation by 30 days.

The resident at 9656 East 105th Place explained that if she parked her cars in the garage, she did not have room to store her trash and recycling bins, had been unsuccessful in finding a fence contractor that would build a screening fence for a reasonable fee and disputed the violation notice.  She advised that Waste Management had been unresponsive in changing out the bins to a smaller size.  Laurie Tatlock advised that she had a contact at Waste Management and would see if she could help her get smaller bins.  Laurie will send a fence contractor over that is working for the District and may give them a better price since they are already working in the community.  The Committee extended the deadline 30 days.

The Committee continued to review the Design Guideline revisions.

## III. Resident Comments/Issues
None.

## IV. Committee Member Comments/Issues
The Committee expressed concern about the vehicles parked on the vacant townhome lots at the north end of the community.  Laurie Tatlock will ask the property owner to post for towing.  
