---
title: October 19, 2016 Minutes
layout: minutes.html
collection: minutes
date: 2016-10-19
draft: false
---
# October 19, 2016

## I. Attending
Laurie Tatlock, Mulhern MRE, Inc., Charles Wolfersberger, Wolfersberger, LLC.  Committee Members: Nephi Wright, and Leonard Sandoval.

## II. Covenant Enforcement Matters
Charles Wolfersberger explained to the Committee the progress he has made updating the approved KWAL paint colors to Sherwin Williams colors and getting it ready to post on the District’s website.

The Committee discussed the backyard landscape violations and fines at 10917 Beeler Street.  There are still violations, so no fine reduction can be considered at this point.

The owner is having difficulty finding sod so the Committee agreed to extend the deadline to repair the turf at 9471 East 109th Drive to next spring.  Charles will advise the owner that the irrigation system should be repaired to make sure the new turf survives.

The Committee agreed to extend the deadline for repainting the house at 9325 East 109th Place to May 1, 2017.

The owners of 9495 East 108th Place have indicated that they will be installing artificial turf in their backyard.  Charles will send them a design review request form to complete and submit for Committee approval.

The owner of 9284 East 108th Place was advised that fines would be reduced $25 and that she should mail $75 to the District.

The Committee discussed the status of backyard disrepair/fines at 10570 Dayton Street.  Due to the owner’s illness, the Committee will stop fines on the violations and will consider fine reductions when the violations are cured.

The owner of 10838 Dayton Way was invited to the meeting, but was unable to attend.  He has been advised that he needs to give a date certain that the backyard will be cleaned up and the landscaping redone.  He is concerned that the violation letters lack specifics.  He was advised that there have been a number of neighbor complaints and that he will need to submit a design review request form.  

The Committee requested that statements for fee amounts due be sent out at the end of the year.

## III. Resident Comments/Issues
None.

## IV. Committee Comments/Issues
None.
