---
title: July 20, 2016 Minutes
layout: minutes.html
collection: minutes
date: 2016-07-20
draft: false
---
# July 20, 2016

## I. Attending
Laurie Tatlock, Mulhern MRE, Inc., Charles Wolfersberger, Wolfersberger, LLC.  Committee Members: Nephi Wright, Sabrina Ray, and Leonard Sandoval. Belle Creek Residents: Briann Arias, Anita Mozdzier and her guest, Mary Dierker.

## II. Covenant Enforcement Matters
The Committee asked for an update on the home painted with colors not approved at 9325 East 108th Place.  Charles will send a notice and ask them to attend the meeting.

The Committee discussed the tree lawn changes modifications made at 10814 Belle Creek Boulevard.  The Committee would allow a garden area under the trees and a footpath to the street, but some turf needs to be added back.

The Committee discussed the request from the homeowner at 10874 Belle Creek Boulevard for a concrete patio and sidewalk addition or a concrete patio and parking pad addition.  The Committee approved the patio and sidewalk, but not a parking pad.

The Committee reviewed the reports on homeowner account and violations.

## III. Resident Comments/Issues
Anita Mozdzier discussed the challenges that she has had maintaining her property.  The Committee agreed to a 30 moratorium on fines, but will require that her property be in compliance after 30 days or the fines will start again.

## IV. Committee Comments/Issues
The Committee expressed concern that District trees are not being maintained to covenant standards. Committee member Nephi Wright noted the trees at the sales center needed trimming.
