---
title: January 20, 2016 Minutes
layout: minutes.html
collection: minutes
date: 2016-01-20
draft: false
---
# January 20, 2016

## I. Attending
Laurie Tatlock, Mulhern MRE, Inc., Charles Wolfersberger and Lucas Roberts, Wolfersberger, LLC.  Committee Members: Jonathan Stanwyck, Nephi Wright.  Residents:  Peploe Russell, Kyle Burnett.


## II. Covenant Enforcement Matters
The Committee reviewed draft fine policy.  The Committee adopted the fine policy and will ask the District Board to adopt the policy at their February Board meeting.  

The Committee reviewed the violation report and homeowner accounts report with Charles Wolfersberger.

The Committee discussed the request for fine reductions from the Ruth Collins Trust, the owner of 10749 Akron Street.  Due to the fact that this was a tenant occupied property and the violation notices had not been mailed to the owner, he Committee agreed to a 50% reduction in fines.

The resident at 9291 East 107th Place, asked the Committee to reduce the fines at his property.  The Committee explained that no fines could be waived until all violations were cured.  He is going to re-sod his yard this spring and work on curing the rest of the violations.  The Committee asked that he come to a meeting to discuss the fines once all of the violations were cured.

The owner of the property at 9513 Longs Peak Drive had requested that her tenant attend the meeting to discuss fine reductions.  As the violation notices were not mailed to the owner’s correct address, the Committee agreed to waive 50% of the fines.

The Committee discussed the property at 9287 East 107th Avenue and the complaints from other property owners that had been received.  Jonathan Stanwyck asked that this be placed on the Metro District Board agenda for discussion.

The property owner at 9495 East 108th Place has not yet submitted a plan and schedule for painting and fixing the backyard disrepair.  

The Committee finished reviewing the Design Guideline revisions.

## III. Resident Comments/Issues
None

## IV. Committee Member Comments/Issues
Jonathan Stanwyck asked that the snow removal contractor add all walks at the central park to his scope.
