---
title: April 20, 2016 Minutes
layout: minutes.html
collection: minutes
date: 2016-04-20
draft: false
---
# April 20, 2016

## I. Attending
Laurie Tatlock, Mulhern MRE, Inc., Charles Wolfersberger, Wolfersberger, LLC.  Committee Members: Leonard Sandoval, Nephi Wright.  Belle Creek Resident:  Arturo Ruiz

## II. Covenant Enforcement Matters
The Committee reviewed and discussed the request from Arturo Ruiz to place a storage shed on his property.  The storage sheds that he proposed exceed the allowable size and because his lot is a small lot, the Committee did not approve the request.  

The Committee reviewed the reports on homeowner account and violations.  Charles Wolfersberger recommended sending paint notices to home with a 7 & 8 score.  The Committee agreed.

## III. Resident Comments/Issues
None

## IV. Committee Member Comments/Issues
The Committee discussed the agenda for the annual meeting to be held on Saturday, May 14, 2016 at 10 am at the Family Center.  As there was going to be a discussion regarding dissolution of the Master Association, it was suggested that the covenant enforcement discussion be brief, that the Commerce City Police and Public Work (trash removal) representatives be invited and that the YMCA review their programs.  

Leonard Sandoval noted that there was a basketball hoop at 10828 Dayton Way and that it would be a good idea to suggest that residents label their trash and recycle bins with their address.

Nephi Wright noted that the fence housing the irrigation controls on the east side of Belle Creek Boulevard, just north of the car wash needed maintenance.

The next Covenant Enforcement Committee meeting will be held on May 18, 2016 at 6:00 p.m.
