# August 16, 2017

## I. Attending
Laurie Tatlock, Mulhern MRE, Inc., Charles Wolfersberger, Wolfersberger, LLC, Amanda Wright, Belle Creek Apartments - Committee Members: Nephi Wright, Leonard Sandoval, Sabrina Ray. Belle Creek Residents: Rick Gehringer, Kyle Burnett, James Wilson, Anita Mozdzier, Darren and Angela Suppes, Matt and Jenny Schartz, Liesel Thomas, Duane Rivard.

## II. Resident Comments/Issues
Matthew and Jennifer Schartz reviewed the landscape changes that were completed without Committee approval at their property. The Committee approved the changes, asking that they add some plants to the tree lawn area. As there has been some concern expressed regarding the congestion in the alley between East 109th
Avenue and East 109th Drive, Laurie Tatlock has obtained a proposal for one-way signage. She asked that the Committee review it at the next public meeting to see if there is consensus for one-way alleys in this block.

## III. Covenant Enforcement Matters
Amanda Wright, representing the Belle Creek Apartments, reviewed their proposal for a small dog park to be located on their property at Dayton Way and East 107 th Place with the Committee and residents attending the meeting. Townhome resident Liesel Thomas explained that her children played in the area with other
neighborhood and apartment dwelling children. Others expressed concern over noise and odors. It was explained that the dog run would be for apartment residents only. Residents were also concerned about the overall lack of maintenance to the apartment buildings and landscaping. After discussion, the Committee agreed to approve the dog park subject to the following conditions. A professionally prepared design that includes an engineered drainage and irrigation system for odor control. A maintenance plan for the apartment complex to identify maintenance and landscape items that need to be repaired along with a timeline with deadlines. Tree screening for the dog park. A bond or some kind of guarantee should there be issues.

The committee reviewed the reports from Wolfersberger, LLC

## IV. Committee Member Comments/Issues
Nephi Wright asked that staff follow-up with Erica Hawley regarding her email inquiry dated July 17, 2017.
