# July 19, 2017

## I. Attending
Laurie Tatlock, Mulhern MRE, Inc., Charles Wolfersberger, Wolfersberger, LLC - Committee Members: Nephi Wright, Leonard Sandoval.  Belle Creek Residents:  Kyle Burnett, Patrick Giron, Robin Newkirk, Cindy Zancanelli, Eric Gothier, Edgar Torres, Terri Novoa, Anita Mozdzier, Corey and Jennifer Sturdivant.

## II. Covenant Enforcement Matters

Edgar Torres has cured all of the covenant violations at his property He asked that the Committee consider a fine reduction.  When Charles confirms that the violations have been fixed, the Committee will write off all but $25 in fines.

The Committee discussed the request to extend the paint deadline at 9455 East 106th Place and allow him to paint the home over a period of time.  The Committee did not think that painting the home over a period of time would be a good idea, but will offer to solicit community help with the project.

The Committee discussed the email from the resident at 10570 Dayton Street.  She explained that she has been working to correct the violations and inquired about whether the District could plant trees as a wind break.  Laurie Tatlock advised that there was no irrigation to support any planted trees in that area.  

The committee reviewed the reports from Wolfersberger, LLC

## III. Resident Comments/Issues
Patrick Giron advised the Committee and residents present that he favors Covenant Enforcement and approves the efforts of Charles, Laurie and the Committee.

Concerns were expressed by a homeowner regarding the tenants living at 10924 Belle Creek Boulevard, including the number of cars parked at, residents living at the property, and the dog waste not being picked up in the dog run.  Laurie Tatlock will contact the landlord.

Terri Novoa thought that residents should be notified when Charles and his team would be conducting covenant inspections.

Eric Gothier advised Charles and the committee that he has been working to re-establish the turf in his yard.

## IV. Committee Member Comments/Issues
The committee discussed the proposed dog park at the Belle Creek apartments.  Laurie advised that she asked them to send notice to all adjacent property owners.  She also noted that it might not be an allowed use within the zoning.  

It was suggested that painting the words “STOP” with a line would be helpful in stopping traffic at the intersection of Belle Creek Boulevard and East 108th Avenue.  Commerce City is the jurisdiction for this matter.

All agreed that communication could be improved with email blasts and newsletter publications.  Information that needs to be communicated includes, but is not limited to parking set-backs, parking ordinances, the Covenant Enforcement book no parking in alleys, the use of pre-emergent weed killers, notice of movie nights, meetings, block parties and the website.
