# March 15, 2017

## I. Attending
Laurie Tatlock, Mulhern MRE, Inc., Charles Wolfersberger, Wolfersberger, LLC.  Committee Member: Nephi Wright, Leonard Sandoval.  Residents: Nicole Brookman, Willie and Donna Scott, Ryan and Miranda Davis, Kevin Forsyth, Edgar Torres, Alex Del Valle, Anita Mozdzier, Cameron Greer.

## II. Covenant Enforcement Matters
Nicole Brookman asked that the Committee reconsider approving her request for a front yard flagpole.  The Committee discussed and approved the request.

The committee received information extenuating family issues and reversed the fines for holiday lights at 9459 East 109th Avenue.

The committee granted a $100 reduction in the fine balance at 9410 East 106th Avenue.  No fine balances on the paint violation were allowed.

Willie and Donna Scott explained that there was a misunderstanding and they have now remedied the covenant violations and asked that the Committee write off $150 in fines.  The Committee agreed to write them off.

Ryan and Miranda Davis explained that they have fixed the violations and asked that $200 in fine be reversed.  The Committee agreed to write them off.

Kevin Forsyth, representing Adria Hutchison, advised that as a landlord, she had not received the violation notices.  When she received the statement of fines, she noted that the violations had been cured and there had been no violations in 2016.  She asked that the Committee reverse the $125 in fines.  The Committee reversed the fines.

Edgar Torres has asked for a fine reduction.  He was advised that no fine reduction could be granted if there were still violations at the property. 

Alex del Valle asked for a reduction of his fines.  He was advised that all covenant violations had to be cured before the committee could consider a fine reduction. 

Cameron Greer requested a fine reduction as there was some confusion regarding the trees that had low branches and once the confusion was cleared, they remedied the violation.

Katheryn Kast requested a fine reduction.  The committee reversed one-half of the fines but wanted to understand why a window remained broken for over a year.

The Committee reviewed the reports from Wolfersberger, LLC

## III. Resident Comments/Issues
None.

## IV. Committee Comments/Issues
None.
