# November 15, 2017

## I. Attending
Charles Wolfersberger, Wolfersberger, LLC, Laurie Tatlock, Mulhern MRE, Inc., Committee Members: Sabrina Ray, Leonard Sandoval.

## II. Resident Comments/Issues
The Committee discussed the email from Richard Gehringer regarding the weed violation at his home. Since the lawns are going dormant and violations will stop for the winter season, Laurie Tatlock will email Mr. Gehringer and request that he come to the April 18, 2018 Covenant Enforcement Committee meeting.

The Committee discussed the request from the property owner at 9158 East 107th Drive, to allow the patio cover since the violation was not disclosed before her recent purchase of the property. Laurie Tatlock showed the committee the drawing that was approved. The lattice on top of the pergola rails was not approved. The patio structure is also in need of maintenance. Laurie will draft a letter advising of these matters and notifying the owner that she has a year to bring the patio cover up to community standards.

The Committee discussed the request from the owner of 10759 Akron Street to have windows replaced that to not have the “mullions.” The Committee agreed that it was acceptable.

## III. Covenant Enforcement Matters
None

## IV. Committee Member Comments/Issues
Leonard Sandoval stated that the one way signs in the alley behind his house seem to be going in and also noted that the garbage trucks seem to now be using the alley to get the garbage at the condos. He expressed concerns for the lifespan of the concrete in the alley.